Hello there, sexy.
Oh... No, don't touch the tie.
I had to watch a YouTube video
to get the knot right.
We made it, brother.
Building a mini-mall.
What's bigger than that?
Well, a mall.
Yeah.
I love seeing you guys
all fancy.
It's a big step up
from the open robe
I usually see at breakfast.
You're welcome.
Hey, um,
since you guys are so busy,
why don't I take
some personal days this week
and fill in for you
as room parent?
You can do that?
This will give me a chance
to dazzle Mrs. Rodriguez
so she'll recommend Emme
to the good first grade teacher,
and not the one that takes
out her teeth during quiet time.
Yeah, well, good luck.
Rodriguez's bar for room parents
is way too high.
I've done my best to
bring it down, but it's still...
(whistles)
up there.
Okay, well,
don't worry about me.
You know that bar
that you haven't met?
I set it.
I'm just saying, she's
not an easy woman to please.
Well, there's a reason she's
good-looking, but not married.
There's trouble under the hood.
Come on. We should get going.
Kids! Time for school.
I'm gonna hit
the bathroom first this time.
Good thinking.
(laughs):
Yeah.
Every office we go to
has a different bathroom code.
I can't keep 'em all straight.
Last week, I had to pee
in the parking garage.
I hit the car alarm
when he was in mid-stream.
He looked like a lawn sprinkler.
LISA:
Okay, guys.
These bids
look excellent.
And how are you coming
with those 3-D models?
Good. Yeah, we hired a computer
guy, Lowell, he's great.
Yeah, yeah, nice
having him around.
He smells better
than any man
I've ever known.
(chuckles)
Well, that's important,
I suppose.
So let's talk about our meeting,
uh, this week
with the investors.
DON: Mm-hmm.
It's critical
you appear professional.
Ooh, I'll wear my tie
that looks like a fish.
It's a crowd-pleaser
and very realistic.
A seagull
attacked me once.
That's how you know
it's a good one.
All right. I think
we said enough here.
Maybe too much.
Uh, Lisa, we'll let you
get back to work.
Oh. Okay, take care.
Uh-huh. Adam,
stick around for a second.
Oh?
Yep, you're done.
Oh. Okay.
I don't want Don at
the investors' meeting.
These people need to know
their money is in serious hands,
and Don's a fish tie guy.
Oh, I'll tell him
to wear a regular tie.
Plus, I think he might
have relieved himself
in our parking garage last week.
I don't think it was him.
You don't have
security cameras, do you?
You know...
he just doesn't fit
in a corporate environment.
So, take care of this for me.
Okay.
You're the boss.
Hey, I know it's tough,
but welcome to the big leagues.
Mm.
I had to fire my mother
on a Saturday,
then take her out to
Easter brunch the next morning.
That was a... quiet meal.
What'd she do, wear a fish tie?
(chuckles)
I'll, uh, I'll figure out
a way to break it to Don.
Mm. Word of advice:
when I'm giving someone
bad news,
I always use
the direct approach.
I look them in the eye,
put my hand on their shoulder,
and say, "Mom, you're fired."
You're right,
it does get quiet after that.
¶ ¶
So? How'd the meeting
with the developer go?
McCaffrey didn't know
what hit her.
We blew that place up.
There's shrapnel
all over her office.
What's he saying?
Is everything ruined?
No. No, it went fine.
Hey, what did Lisa want
to talk to you about?
Well, um...
(sighs)
Okay, there's something
I need to tell you.
Uh...
Lisa thinks that
your fun personality
might be too much
for the investors.
And she, uh,
she wants you to sit out
the meeting.
(gasps)
Could you please not do that?
Well, I hope you told her
to take a flying leap.
Don, we've given up
all our other work for this job.
Okay? Plus, she's the boss.
Well, she may be the boss,
but I'm going to that meeting.
I'm gonna let her know
exactly what I think of her.
(gasps) Sorry,
that was me again.
I'm too mad to work.
I'm gonna sit in the truck
and listen to Johnny Cash
and eat my feelings.
And Lowell's candies.
It's a meeting,
and you're not invited.
(sighs)
Oh, man, I feel terrible.
Well, I'd offer you
a butterscotch,
but he took them all.
I've got to figure out
a way to calm him down.
He cannot go
yell at Lisa.
She fired her own mother.
She'll have no problem
firing us.
You know,
when I was in marketing
and a client was upset,
we would send them
a gift basket.
It made them feel appreciated.
A gift basket?
They're doing some amazing stuff
with fruit these days.
No. Don hates fruit.
He says it's like
eating a tree's baby.
And I'm not the one
who needs to make him
feel appreciated, Lisa is.
Ooh. Wait, what about this:
I'll send Don a basket
and say it's from Lisa.
I see what you did.
You took a nice idea
and added a lie to it.
Morning, Alicia.
I'm surprised to see you here.
Oh, I'm covering
for Adam this week.
Oh, thank God.
I know, right?
(chuckles)
And I just
wanted to thank you for
what a wonderful job
you've done with Emme this year.
So here
is a cup of coffee,
and a muffin
from your favorite bakery.
Oh.
(chuckles)
And it doesn't have
anything to do with
hoping you'll help get Emme
into the good first grade class.
Coffee's a large, by the way.
Andi, are you trying
to influence me with gifts?
I don't know, am I?
I think you are.
And I like it.
(both laugh)
But honestly, a muffin?
(chuckles)
Okay. I guess I'll just put it
over here with all the others.
All right,
so how do we get this done?
Huh? Nice bottle of wine,
spa day?
I drop a $20 and walk away?
(sighs) You know,
if I was so overwhelmed
by the amazing job you did
with the kids'
Spring Fling party this week--
I'm thinking Hawaiian luau--
I'd say we have a deal.
(laughs): A Hawaiian luau
for a bunch of kids?
Oh, you're serious.
Um, yeah.
All right, yeah.
I'm on it. Surf's up.
(chuckles)
(softly):
Damn.
Yeah, I took your advice,
what do you think?
Don's going to love it.
And he can repurpose
this basket for so many things.
Picnics, an herb garden.
He could put it
on the front of his bike
and drive around
with a little dog in there.
Lowell, you want the
basket after he's done?
If you could put a good word in,
I'd appreciate it.
Hey, Lowell.
Backstabber.
What's this?
Oh, yeah, that came
for you today.
We don't know
who it's from.
Eh, someone knows,
but not the two of us.
(clicks tongue)
"Dear Don, between us,
"you're my favorite
Burns brother.
Lisa."
Why would she send me this
if she doesn't want me
at the meeting?
Great question.
Lowell?
Me?
It's because
she appreciates you.
(snaps fingers)
I know what's
going on here.
You do?
Mm-hmm. She's into me.
Look at this stuff:
wine, chocolates.
All aphrodisiacs.
This woman wants to lay with me.
What's that, now?
Yeah, that's-that's why she
doesn't want me at the meeting.
She's worried she can't
control herself around me.
She's a hungry bear,
and I'm a pot of honey.
It wouldn't be right
to yell at her now.
Yeah, you're-you're
right.
Yeah.
He's right, it
wouldn't be right.
Yeah, I mean, uh, you can't
yell at a woman in love.
That'd be mean.
And you're not
mean, you're...
a, uh... you're a...
What is he, Lowell?
Pot of honey.
You're a pot of honey.
That's right, yeah.
Yeah, okay, so you skip the
meeting, I'll handle that.
And everybody will live
happily ever after.
Right?
You take the things
in the basket,
I'll take the basket,
and it'll be like
it never happened.
Thank you for
volunteering to help me.
Rodriguez is out of her
mind with this party.
Well, so just tell her
it's too much.
Sounds like someone
already got their daughter
into the good
first grade class. Hmm?
I learned Spanish and picked
her mother up from the airport.
Or aeropuerto.
Okay, well, I can't do that,
so this party has to kick butt.
But, I mean, look
at this list.
I mean, inflatable palm trees,
grass skirts, virgin daiquiris?
Why don't I just resurrect
Don Ho while I'm at it?
Don who?
Ho.
Don't get nasty.
(laughs):
No.
Don Ho was a ukulele player
from the '70s.
Oh.
Yeah.
Sometimes I forget how much
older you guys are than me.
I worded that
incorrectly.
Mm-hmm.
Wait, so Lisa McCaffrey's
coming on to Don?
My husband has
that effect on women.
Every time
he leaves the house,
it's like throwing a hunk
of meat into an alligator pit.
I mean, some of
this is my fault.
There I was, parading around
her in my khaki Dockers
like a Chippendale.
(giggles)
I got an idea:
let's stop talking about this,
and just build
a mini-mall. Hmm?
Yeah.
Well, hold on.
He can't act
like nothing happened.
Don, you have
to tell her
that she needs to keep
her horny mitts off of you.
What? No, he doesn't.
Yeah, I'm with Marcy.
What? No, you're not.
Ye-Yeah,
I mean, a woman doesn't
write a guy a note like that
if she's not interested.
I mean, is-isn't she
recently divorced?
No, no, no.
It's been,
like, three months.
Yeah, and now she wants to
bounce back with a married guy,
which is exactly
how I'd play it.
Well, sounds like you put
some thought into that.
Okay, everybody,
just relax, all right?
She sent him
a gift basket,
not her underwear
and a motel key.
Nobody needs to
talk to Lisa.
Well, I think he needs
to say something to her.
Don't you agree, Andi?
No, she doesn't agree.
Don't talk for me.
I thought
you loved that.
I think you
know I don't.
If I were talking for you
right now,
I would say
you love that.
Marcy, I-I think
you're right.
I should let Lisa know
that this pot of honey
already has a mean,
beautiful she-bear.
I'm gonna call
her tomorrow.
What? No, I don't think
you should do that at all.
I think you should
just let it go.
Drop it, choke it,
put it in a sack,
throw it in the river.
Nah, I'm gonna
call her tomorrow.
Yeah, good boy.
Now, let's go home
for your reward.
Ooh.
My she-bear's
on the prowl.
You're a good husband, Don.
What are you doing?
If he calls Lisa,
the mini-mall project is dead.
Why?
Because she didn't
seduce my brother.
I did!
So you sent Don
a fancy gift basket?
Right.
And for Mother's Day,
you got me a Sausage McMuffin.
Can we stick to
the problem at hand, huh?
Don is gonna call our boss
and break off a relationship
she doesn't know exists
because it doesn't exist.
Okay? And when
that happens,
the mini-mall is dead.
Well, then you need
to do the right thing.
I agree.
What is that?
You have to keep lying.
(laughs)
Is this one of those times
where you say one thing,
but you mean the opposite?
Huh? Like when you said
you'd never bring up
the Mother's Day McMuffin again?
Look, right now,
you need to protect
both Don and the mini-mall job.
It's time to
double down, babe.
I like this side of you.
Okay. Here's how you
handle it, all right?
You send Don another
note from Lisa
and say, "We have to keep
our feelings a secret
and never discuss them,
not even with each other."
Ooh, that's clever.
Mm.
Yeah-- wait.
Should I be worried
about how good you are
at manipulating people?
What?
Honey, you're way
too smart for that.
All this party
stuff looks great.
Do they even have
monkeys in Hawaii?
Well, I almost passed out
blowing them up, so they do now.
We may have overdone it
with the virgin daiquiris.
There's a ton left inside.
Good.
Later, we'll mix in some rum
and celebrate Emme
getting the good
first grade teacher.
"Dear Don, we have to keep
our feelings a secret
"and never discuss them,
not even with each other.
"I know you may want to,
but you shouldn't. Lisa.
P.S. Don't talk
to me about this."
And I may be reading between
the lines, but sounds to me--
this is just me--
it sounds like
you shouldn't call her.
Well, no need to.
Right before
you got in,
I sent her some flowers
with a steamy note.
You sent her flowers?
Why would you do that?
Because I got to thinking.
We can't afford to screw up
this mini-mall gig,
so I need to keep her
on the hook.
It's a dance, Adam,
and you're looking at Beyoncé.
No, I'm not!
Lowell?
You okay?
Hiya.
What's the matter with you?
I must've dozed off.
I had a few
virgin daiquiris.
They made me happy.
Then dancy,
then sleepy.
I've been every dwarf today.
Oh, my God.
There's alcohol in here.
That explains a lot.
How can that be?
I mean, t-the label
says "virgin."
What?
Oh... it's Tropical Virgin
brand daiquiri.
It's not tropical
virgin daiquiri.
Okay, the kids are
still at assembly.
I have 15 minutes before they
get drunk and I get arrested.
Wait, Andi.
What?
On your way back,
pick up some tacos.
Oh, my...
(whispers):
Okay.
Good morning.
What are you doing?
I'm just wishing everyone
good morning.
Yeah.
Okay, got to go.
I'm off to accounting, then HR.
What a bunch of stiffs they are.
(laughs)
Are those flowers for me?
Uh, no, no, different Lisa.
(chuckles)
Oh, so, you're in my office
with flowers
for a different person
named Lisa?
Yes.
Lisa... Marie Presley.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan, yeah.
Is she in yet?
Okay, everyone,
it's time to start
our Hawaiian luau.
CHILDREN:
Yay!
(distorted):
No!
Is there alcohol in this?
Yes, but... the good news is:
none of the kids
are driving, so...
So, because of you,
fish tie guy
thinks I have
the hots for him.
Do you have any idea
how unprofessional all this is?
I have a sense.
Look, I was
just trying
to keep the project on track
and protect
my brother's feelings.
Well, turns out
you can't do both.
Then you know what?
I get that this
investor meeting's important,
but here's the deal:
either Don and I do it together
or we don't do it at all.
And that's your bottom line?
Yep. I'll walk away.
Okay.
I'm walking.
Here I go.
Don't try to stop me.
(scoffs)
You're barely moving.
Well, I want you
to get a good look
at what you're losing.
Did you say something?
Nope.
Okay, look, I know
business is business,
but I have a family business.
My brother and I
like each other.
Our brunches are very loud.
Well, I do appreciate
your loyalty.
My therapist says it's good
for me to be around people
who experience
real human emotions.
Had to have a therapist
tell you that, huh?
Well, things have been
quiet at my house
since my mom moved out.
Yeah, I didn't just fire her,
I also evicted her.
Ouch.
Tell you what:
because you guys
are the best in the business,
if we never
have to talk about this
ever again, we're good.
And Don can come to the meeting.
Thank you.
And don't worry,
this is definitely over.
(mouths)
Look, baby,
we got to call
this thing off.
What are you doing here?
Well, I'm just hanging.
This is my hang now.
Look, I tried to play this game,
but I'm a one-woman man.
(groans)
Fact is, I'm not Beyoncé.
I'm Adele.
I rock the house,
but I don't dance.
Okay, you know what,
I've had enough.
This is getting
ridiculous.
Don...
Did you say Don or Mom?
I want you real bad.
But I can't have you,
so please leave.
Listen, you're a special lady.
If something should happen
to my wife,
I'll put you on the list.
(mouths)
Okay,
good-bye.
Playing the mom card was cold.
You're a good businessman.
But don't let it
happen again.
You already have two strikes.
Two strikes?
We have security cameras
in the parking garage.
So I'm guessing
Emme's not getting
the good first
grade teacher?
No, she's in.
All I had to do was promise
that neither of us
would be room parent next year.
You got us banned
from being room parents?
Mm-hmm.
I have never been more
in love with you.
(doorbell rings)
Mm.
Will you grab that?
Mm-hmm.
What's this?
I don't know. Read the card.
Okay.
"Thanks for your help
this week.
I'm the luckiest guy
in the world. Love, Adam."
Aw.
(squeals)
It's a Sausage McMuffin.
You get it?
That's our thing now.
It is kind of cute.
(chuckles)
And yum.
Wow, that smells good.
I should've sent
two of those.
You're gonna
have to fight me for it.
Well, you better start running.
(scoffs)
No, no!
Give me that muffin!
Yeah. (whoops)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org